agent_1 : Hey what's up do use Google very often?I really love the company and was surprised to hear that it was founded back in 1998. 
agent_2 : i think everyone must use it daily! its become ingrained in every day life 
agent_1 : Agreed. The Google headquarters in Mountain View California is nicknamed the Google Plex. 
agent_2 : thats funny. The current CEO is Sundar Pichai, i didnt know Larry Page was replaced 
agent_1 : Oh yeah I didn't know that either. I also want to go to google Plex to see the goats who mow their lawn by eating it. 
agent_2 : say what now?? they have that?? 
agent_1 : Yeah apparently lol! They do that instead of hiring people to mow! 
agent_2 : thats both funny and i guess imaginative. leave it to a huge tech company to employ actual goats! 
agent_1 : Yeah exactly I am sure they are cheaper. One thing I bet they couldn't exploit is fish. I think fish are so cool there is actually a breed of jellyfish that is immortal. 
agent_2 : i had rememered hearing about that before. Immortatlity is wasted on a jellyfish haha. did you know a seahorse is the only fish that has an actual neck? 
agent_1 : That is so funny I guess I never considered a seahorse a fish. The black swallower fish sounds a lot like a snake because it can eat pray that is so large. 
agent_2 : i guess they live up to their name then! 
agent_1 : It seems they do. I also didn't know that there was a difference with how freshwater and saltwater fish drink. 
agent_2 : thats crazy. i wonder why fresh water ones only use osmosis?  
agent_1 : Yeah and saltwater fish are lucky because they can do that and drink through their mouth's. 
agent_2 : seems like fresh water fish got the short end of the stick with that one. Have you ever been to a cat cafe? 
agent_1 : I have never been to a cat cafe no, what about you? Seems like they are popular in Japan and Taiwan. 
agent_2 : no but I would love to! paying hourly to hang out with adorable cats? im in! 
agent_1 : Yeah that would be a lot of fun. I didn't realize that cats sleep so much. Must be nice. 
agent_2 : i guess thats where the phrase "cat nap" comes from 
agent_1 : Oh yeah I guess so ha ha. There's even a town in Alaska that has a mayor cat. 

